To be or not to be. That is the question.
Oh! Excuse me. Hello, and welcome.
My name is Big Buck Bunny.
Indeed, you might know me from such films as, Big Buck Bunny.
Welcome to my home; now just make yourself comfortable while I open this book.
My friends, let me tell you a sad but true story:
Did you ever ask yourself what happened to all those loveable characters
you used to see on the big screen when you where growing up?
No matter what they might have told you in the movies. They didn't live happily ever after.
In fact, and as awful as this may sound, many of them were locked away
in the deep dark dungeons of mount Copyright,
only to be guarded by the terrible beasts we call "lawers".
Unlike many of my friends...